Periodically enable GitLab cleanup policy (#5908) (#6437)
DataBiosphere/azul: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/gitlab_cleanup.md

---
name: Enable GitLab cleanup policy
about: 'Issue template to remind the system administrator to enable the GitLab cleanup policy'
title: Enable the GitLab cleanup policy setting in all deployments
labels: orange,infra,enh,debt 

> _start: 2024-07-22T09:00

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_start: 2024-07-29T09:00
```

> … the Monday between operator duty changes …

> _period: 14 days

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_period: 4 weeks
```

> … with four week schedule …

---
- [ ] Cleanup policy enabled for [GitLab dev](https://gitlab.dev.singlecell.gi.ucsc.edu/admin/application_settings/ci_cd#application_setting_container_registry_expiration_policies_worker_capacity) <sub>or not applicable</sub>

>   - [ ] Clean-up workers set to four
>   - [ ] At least an hour past since the number of clean-up workers was set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [ ] Set the number of clean-up workers to four
  - [ ] At least one hour has passed since the number of clean-up workers was set
```
